README.md, before:

# AWS Cloud Formation
End state of the Infrastructure. Supported formats are Json or YAML.
#### Stacks
Cloud formation Template consists of set of AWS Resources (EC2, S3, ELB, VPC, DynamoDB etc..), once created it is known as a Stack (set of related resources as a single unit). For updating the resources within a template, you need to update a stack.
#### Change Sets
Summary of proposed changes before updating a stack 
#### Cloud Formation Template
```yaml
AWSTemplateFormatVersion:
Description:
Metadata:
Parameters:
Mappings:
Conditions:
Transform:
Resources:
Outputs:
```
## Exercise Section 
### 1. Demonstrate sample Cloud Formation Template
		a. Creating EC2 Instance using CF Template
		b. Updating existing stack using CF Template
### 2. Intrinsic Funtions
       Syntax: !Join [*delimiter*,[*string1*,*string2*,*string3*,*...*]]	
### 3. Multiple Resources
	   For Example, During EC2 Launch Instance, there are 2 main aws resources need to be created. However, without these 2 main resources EC2 instance creation will not be successful or you cannot proceed further for EC2 instance creation. The 2 main resources are VPC and Security Groups.
	   Lets see how we can use Cloud Formation Template to demonstrate this usage.

Commit message:

input parameters, mappings, outputs, pseudoparameters

README.md, after:

# AWS Cloud Formation
End state of the Infrastructure. Supported formats are Json or YAML.
#### Stacks
Cloud formation Template consists of set of AWS Resources (EC2, S3, ELB, VPC, DynamoDB etc..), once created it is known as a Stack (set of related resources as a single unit). For updating the resources within a template, you need to update a stack.
#### Change Sets
Summary of proposed changes before updating a stack 
#### Cloud Formation Template
```yaml
AWSTemplateFormatVersion:
Description:
Metadata:
Parameters:
Mappings:
Conditions:
Transform:
Resources:
Outputs:
```
## Exercise Section 
### 1. Demonstrate sample Cloud Formation Template
		a. Creating EC2 Instance using CF Template
		b. Updating existing stack using CF Template
### 2. Intrinsic Funtions
       Syntax: !Join [*delimiter*,[*string1*,*string2*,*string3*,*...*]]	
### 3. Multiple Resources
	   For Example, During EC2 Launch Instance, there are 2 main aws resources need to be created. However, without these 2 main resources EC2 instance creation will not be successful or you cannot proceed further for EC2 instance creation. The 2 main resources are VPC and Security Groups.
	   a. Using !Ref Function, Lets see how we can use Cloud Formation Template to demonstrate this usage. 
	   b. Pseudo Parameters, Predefined Parameters available for Cloud Formation Template. Similar to Environmental Variables - You can find this demonstration in the location  templates/pseudo-multi.yaml
	   c. Mappings, - templates/mappings.yaml
	   d. Input Parameters,  templates/inputparameters.yaml
       e. Outputs, Provides access to information about resources within a stack - For example - Instance IP Address, DNS Name etc. 
            templates/outputs.yaml
